Improve usage documentation (#1110)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: ur_robot_driver/doc/usage/toc.rst

  same as the tcp pose shown on the TP when the feature "Base" is selected.

Troubleshooting
---------------

This section will cover some previously raised issues.

I started everything, but I cannot control the robot
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The driver is started, but trajectory execution doesn't work. Instead, the driver logs

.. code-block::

   Can't accept new action goals. Controller is not running.

The ``External Control`` program node from the URCap is not running on the robot. Make sure to
create a program containing this node on the robot and start it using the "Play" button
|play_button|. Inside the ROS terminal you should see the output ``Robot connected to reverse
interface. Ready to receive control commands.``

.. note::

   When interacting with the teach pendant, or sending other primary programs to the robot, the
   program will be stopped. On the ROS terminal you will see an output ``Connection to reverse interface dropped.``. Please see the section :ref:`continuation_after_interruptions` for details on how to continue.

In general, make sure you're starting up the robot as explained :ref:`here<ur_robot_driver_startup>`.

> When starting the program on the TP, I get an error "The connection to the remote PC could not be established"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting the program on the teach pendant, I get an error "The connection to the remote PC could not be established"
```
